---
# Page metadata.
title: Assignment 9 key

math: true
layout: key
---

## Selected Answers

1.  
    1. The OS gives different programs short turns to use the processor to allow multiple
    programs to all "run at the same time".
    1. Programs do not have to know how information is laid out on the hard drive. They just have
    to say "write this to file X" and the OS worries about where that actually is.
    1. The OS lets programs not worry about how much physical memory there is or who else is using
    it. Each program thinks it owns all the possible memory.

1. Power doubles every 2 years (or 18 months depending on source). 30 years is
15 doublings (20 if you use the 18 months). So $2^{15} = 32768$ times. Or $2^{20} = 1048576$ times.

1.  
    1. $ \frac{1}{0.25 + ( 0.75 / 2 )} => \frac{1}{0.625} => 1.6 $ times faster
    1. $ \frac{1}{0.25 + ( 0.75 / 5 )} => \frac{1}{0.4} => 2.5 $ times faster
    1. $ \frac{1}{0.25 + ( 0.75 / 500 )} => \frac{1}{0.2515} => 3.98 $ times faster

1. Lots of possible orders. But, A1 must happen before B3 AND B3 must happen before A3.  
For partial credit, you must use all instructions once. For "high partial credit" B3 should happen before A3.

1.  1. If we run them multiple times, we will add multiple 200s to widget quantity
    1.  
        Change Widget Quantity to 1100  
        Change Widget UnitPrice to 1.15

1. A crash happens mid transaction. Or a deadlock requires a transaction is rolled back and
restarted later.

1. 
        SELECT Name, Role From Employees
        WHERE Years_employed > 5

1. 
        SELECT * From Employees
        ORDER BY Name ASC LIMIT 4;

1.  
    1. 1099
    1. We can see his customer_id is 3005, so use that to look up orders with
    that customer_id. Then add the purch_amt of those two orders up.

1. 
    1.  ``removeItem(colors, 3);``
    1.  ``colors[0] = "gold";``
    1.  ``write(colors[colors.length-2]);``